you know I don't remember mark
and so many fish coming that
down lineup by I have to catch
fish because I have
responsibilities on way and I
you know my kids depend on me
and tuition a deal so it really
takes a tremendous toll mentally
on the captain because
everything comes down to him
well over a week since April
last year and I can't go that
long without a paycheck I got
bills to pay and I gotta feed
myself so we need to get a fish
right now when I don't get
stressed and things are really
going the way that he wants I
know how to react to him when
his wife frustrated maybe a duty
to bring back the porn stash in
glasses right there and I can do
my best to try to lighten the
mood to bring about me that's a
good luck charm really committed
us to fishing keep this up you
goin swimmin sharks in the water
got legs blood starts only
attack they think their best but
say I'm not going swimming until
noon on this go down as the big
believer in God everything needs
to have a reason to explain why
and this industry that's when it
is offering for the tuna God as
follows
I'm gonna go swimming we can put
you back to the to the door
before shark get you just a
sacrifice this guy brandon is
gonna kiss make out with the 29
can't say I've ever made a deal
with the tuna gods to turn a lot
around but time in desperation
or do almost anything goes
standards are set to know God
might even slip a little time